release notes CLI  1.3.3 (#556)
astronomer/docs: astro/cli-release-notes.md

If you have any questions or a bug to report, don't hesitate to reach out to us via Slack or Intercom. We're here to help.

## v1.3.3

Release date: March 31, 2022

### Additional Improvements

> - Error messages in `astrocloud dev parse` now indicate which DAGs are generating errors.

Author: ```suggestion
- `astro dev start` on mac M1 should now be slightly faster
- Error messages in `astrocloud dev parse` now indicate which DAGs are generating errors.
```

> - `astrocloud dev parse` now gives clearer error messages. It is easier to tell what DAG each error belongs too

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Error messages in `astrocloud dev parse` now indicate which DAGs are generating errors.
```

> - Error messages in `astrocloud dev parse` now indicate which DAGs are generating errors.
> - When you run `astrocloud dev init`, the new example pytests' error messages now provide more information about which part of your code caused an error. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- When running `astrocloud dev parse` results in an error, the error messages now specify which DAGs they apply to
- When you run `astrocloud dev init`, error messages related to the example pytest (`test_dag_integrity.py`) now provide more information about which part of your code caused an error
```

Reviewer 2: @sunkickr Why is `astro dev init` immediately resulting in an error? Are those errors related to the "example pytest" I specified here?

> - Improved the quality of the example pytests generated by `astrocloud dev init`. The error messages produced by these tests are now clearer as well

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- When you run `astrocloud dev init`, pytest error messages now provide more information about which part of your code caused an error. 
```

### Bug Fixes

> - Fixed an issue where users running `astrocloud dev parse/pytest` would occasionally see an orphaned containers warning.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue where running `astrocloud dev parse/pytest` would occasionally result in an "orphaned containers" warning
```

> - Fixed an issue where `astrocloud dev parse/pytest` would crash when parsing projects with large amounts of DAGs

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue where `astrocloud dev parse/pytest` would crash when parsing projects with a large number of DAGs
```

> - Fixed an issue were some users docker override files would cause `astrocloud dev parse/pytest` to stop working

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue were some `docker-compose.override.yml` files would cause `astrocloud dev parse/pytest` to stop working
```
